[rocprofiler-compute] Strix halo(gfx1151) support (#4402)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/CHANGELOG.md

* Added L2 memory bandwidth derived metrics under `--membw-analysis` to allow L2 memory bandwidth specific profiling and analysis metric block 30.

> * Added **AMD Strix Halo (`gfx1151`)** support: SoC module, `mi_gpu_spec` metadata, and analysis configuration set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added AMD Strix Halo (gfx1151) support: SoC module, `mi_gpu_spec` metadata, and analysis configuration set.
```

> * New **memory-chart front end** for **RDNA 3.x / gfx11** (`mem_chart_gfx11`) for CLI memory-hierarchy visualization in analyze mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New memory-chart front end for RDNA 3.x / gfx11 (`mem_chart_gfx11`) for CLI memory-hierarchy visualization in analyze mode.
```

> * **Perfmon counter grouping**: metric-aware heuristic coalescing plus optional **CP-SAT** bucket packing (`ROCPROF_COMPUTE_PERFMON_CP_SAT=1` with `ortools`) so **same-bucket priority** metrics (from `profiling_counter_grouping_policy.yaml`) can be placed in a **single** `pmc_perf_*` pass when IP block limits allow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perfmon counter grouping for metric-aware heuristic coalescing with optional **CP-SAT** bucket packing.  Enable `ROCPROF_COMPUTE_PERFMON_CP_SAT=1` with `ortools` to allow same-bucket priority metrics from `profiling_counter_grouping_policy.yaml` to be placed in a single `pmc_perf_*` pass when IP block limits permit.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> * **`profile --dry-run`** with required **`--arch`** prints the **perfmon bucket plan** (counter → pass/bucket) and multi-bucket metric diagnostics to debug grouping policy without rocminfo, AMDGPU / profiler tool checks, workload execution, or writing perfmon files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `profile --dry-run`** with required **`--arch`** option has been added. This option prints the perfmon bucket plan (counter → pass/bucket) and multi-bucket metric diagnostics. This is useful for debugging the grouping policy without rocminfo, AMDGPU/profiler tool checks, workload execution, or writing perfmon files.
```

Reviewer 2: dry-run is moved to another PR

> * Added **mega-kernel** manual test harness under **`tests/mega_kernel/`** (HIP sources, Makefile, README).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added mega-kernel manual test harness under `tests/mega_kernel/`. It included HIP sources, Makefile, and README.
```
